// Compost colors for mca. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
baby_boy, #9890d7
baby_girl, #cd83b9
black_acacia_crib, #ffffff
black_bamboo_crib, #ffffff
black_birch_crib, #ffffff
black_cherry_crib, #ffffff
black_crimson_crib, #ffffff
black_dark_oak_crib, #ffffff
black_jungle_crib, #ffffff
black_mangrove_crib, #ffffff
black_oak_crib, #ffffff
black_spruce_crib, #ffffff
black_warped_crib, #ffffff
blue_acacia_crib, #ffffff
blue_bamboo_crib, #ffffff
blue_birch_crib, #ffffff
blue_cherry_crib, #ffffff
blue_crimson_crib, #ffffff
blue_dark_oak_crib, #ffffff
blue_jungle_crib, #ffffff
blue_mangrove_crib, #ffffff
blue_oak_crib, #ffffff
blue_spruce_crib, #ffffff
blue_warped_crib, #ffffff
blueprint, #96c2ff
book_blueprint, #444b82
book_cult_0, #6e2f2c
book_cult_1, #6e2f2c
book_cult_2, #6e2f2c
book_cult_ancient, #6e2f2c
book_death, #443e3e
book_family, #874b47
book_infection, #767d39
book_romance, #8d4158
book_rose_gold, #ff9e78
book_supporters, #82526f
bouquet, #f8d398
brown_acacia_crib, #ffffff
brown_bamboo_crib, #ffffff
brown_birch_crib, #ffffff
brown_cherry_crib, #ffffff
brown_crimson_crib, #ffffff
brown_dark_oak_crib, #ffffff
brown_jungle_crib, #ffffff
brown_mangrove_crib, #ffffff
brown_oak_crib, #ffffff
brown_spruce_crib, #ffffff
brown_warped_crib, #ffffff
civil_registry, #5b5b6e
comb, #151515
cyan_acacia_crib, #ffffff
cyan_bamboo_crib, #ffffff
cyan_birch_crib, #ffffff
cyan_cherry_crib, #ffffff
cyan_crimson_crib, #ffffff
cyan_dark_oak_crib, #ffffff
cyan_jungle_crib, #ffffff
cyan_mangrove_crib, #ffffff
cyan_oak_crib, #ffffff
cyan_spruce_crib, #ffffff
cyan_warped_crib, #ffffff
divorce_papers, #e0d3c6
engagement_ring, #d7b95f
engagement_ring_rg, #e8bc98
family_tree, #874b47
gray_acacia_crib, #ffffff
gray_bamboo_crib, #ffffff
gray_birch_crib, #ffffff
gray_cherry_crib, #ffffff
gray_crimson_crib, #ffffff
gray_dark_oak_crib, #ffffff
gray_jungle_crib, #ffffff
gray_mangrove_crib, #ffffff
gray_oak_crib, #ffffff
gray_spruce_crib, #ffffff
gray_warped_crib, #ffffff
green_acacia_crib, #ffffff
green_bamboo_crib, #ffffff
green_birch_crib, #ffffff
green_cherry_crib, #ffffff
green_crimson_crib, #ffffff
green_dark_oak_crib, #ffffff
green_jungle_crib, #ffffff
green_mangrove_crib, #ffffff
green_oak_crib, #ffffff
green_spruce_crib, #ffffff
green_warped_crib, #ffffff
letter, #bebebc
light_blue_acacia_crib, #ffffff
light_blue_bamboo_crib, #ffffff
light_blue_birch_crib, #ffffff
light_blue_cherry_crib, #ffffff
light_blue_crimson_crib, #ffffff
light_blue_dark_oak_crib, #ffffff
light_blue_jungle_crib, #ffffff
light_blue_mangrove_crib, #ffffff
light_blue_oak_crib, #ffffff
light_blue_spruce_crib, #ffffff
light_blue_warped_crib, #ffffff
light_gray_acacia_crib, #ffffff
light_gray_bamboo_crib, #ffffff
light_gray_birch_crib, #ffffff
light_gray_cherry_crib, #ffffff
light_gray_crimson_crib, #ffffff
light_gray_dark_oak_crib, #ffffff
light_gray_jungle_crib, #ffffff
light_gray_mangrove_crib, #ffffff
light_gray_oak_crib, #ffffff
light_gray_spruce_crib, #ffffff
light_gray_warped_crib, #ffffff
lime_acacia_crib, #ffffff
lime_bamboo_crib, #ffffff
lime_birch_crib, #ffffff
lime_cherry_crib, #ffffff
lime_crimson_crib, #ffffff
lime_dark_oak_crib, #ffffff
lime_jungle_crib, #ffffff
lime_mangrove_crib, #ffffff
lime_oak_crib, #ffffff
lime_spruce_crib, #ffffff
lime_warped_crib, #ffffff
magenta_acacia_crib, #ffffff
magenta_bamboo_crib, #ffffff
magenta_birch_crib, #ffffff
magenta_cherry_crib, #ffffff
magenta_crimson_crib, #ffffff
magenta_dark_oak_crib, #ffffff
magenta_jungle_crib, #ffffff
magenta_mangrove_crib, #ffffff
magenta_oak_crib, #ffffff
magenta_spruce_crib, #ffffff
magenta_warped_crib, #ffffff
matchmakers_ring, #bcc9e6
needle_and_thread, #eeddd3
orange_acacia_crib, #ffffff
orange_bamboo_crib, #ffffff
orange_birch_crib, #ffffff
orange_cherry_crib, #ffffff
orange_crimson_crib, #ffffff
orange_dark_oak_crib, #ffffff
orange_jungle_crib, #ffffff
orange_mangrove_crib, #ffffff
orange_oak_crib, #ffffff
orange_spruce_crib, #ffffff
orange_warped_crib, #ffffff
pink_acacia_crib, #ffffff
pink_bamboo_crib, #ffffff
pink_birch_crib, #ffffff
pink_cherry_crib, #ffffff
pink_crimson_crib, #ffffff
pink_dark_oak_crib, #ffffff
pink_jungle_crib, #ffffff
pink_mangrove_crib, #ffffff
pink_oak_crib, #ffffff
pink_spruce_crib, #ffffff
pink_warped_crib, #ffffff
potion_of_feminity, #d4b8eb
potion_of_masculinity, #94ccf1
purple_acacia_crib, #ffffff
purple_bamboo_crib, #ffffff
purple_birch_crib, #ffffff
purple_cherry_crib, #ffffff
purple_crimson_crib, #ffffff
purple_dark_oak_crib, #ffffff
purple_jungle_crib, #ffffff
purple_mangrove_crib, #ffffff
purple_oak_crib, #ffffff
purple_spruce_crib, #ffffff
purple_warped_crib, #ffffff
red_acacia_crib, #ffffff
red_bamboo_crib, #ffffff
red_birch_crib, #ffffff
red_cherry_crib, #ffffff
red_crimson_crib, #ffffff
red_dark_oak_crib, #ffffff
red_jungle_crib, #ffffff
red_mangrove_crib, #ffffff
red_oak_crib, #ffffff
red_spruce_crib, #ffffff
red_warped_crib, #ffffff
rose_gold_dust, #ffa57d
rose_gold_ingot, #ffc58c
scythe, #513e41
sirben_baby_boy, #9890d7
sirben_baby_girl, #cd83b9
staff_of_life, #935894
villager_editor, #b4898c
villager_tracker, #b8725b
wedding_ring, #f7a133
wedding_ring_rg, #ffa87d
whistle, #84807c
white_acacia_crib, #ffffff
white_bamboo_crib, #ffffff
white_birch_crib, #ffffff
white_cherry_crib, #ffffff
white_crimson_crib, #ffffff
white_dark_oak_crib, #ffffff
white_jungle_crib, #ffffff
white_mangrove_crib, #ffffff
white_oak_crib, #ffffff
white_spruce_crib, #ffffff
white_warped_crib, #ffffff
yellow_acacia_crib, #ffffff
yellow_bamboo_crib, #ffffff
yellow_birch_crib, #ffffff
yellow_cherry_crib, #ffffff
yellow_crimson_crib, #ffffff
yellow_dark_oak_crib, #ffffff
yellow_jungle_crib, #ffffff
yellow_mangrove_crib, #ffffff
yellow_oak_crib, #ffffff
yellow_spruce_crib, #ffffff
yellow_warped_crib, #ffffff
